First I will introduce myself.
My name's Frank.
Let's start off with a little presentation. Now first I'll tell you a little bit about the setting. You can see there are a few cameras here. They'll record our actions. and you'll have wires and microphones that will record your voice. is there a project documents folder? There are some notes in it already I see, some documents. I don't know if you've noticed, but we're working for Real Reaction. We put fashion in electronics,. we put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself. This is our agenda. we have our opening acquaintance, tool training, project plan description closing. then I can take some notes. Maybe you can take the minutes once in a while. but just if you hear something you can write down, just write it down. have you all seen the corporate website already? Have you seen any flaws in it? I think I found one. But on the corporate information side there's a th there was Real Remote instead of Real Reaction. our project aim is as you can see a new remote control. It has to be original, trendy, and user friendly. project method is there are three phases we are going through. First is functional des design, individual work, meetings. After the functional design, then the conceptual design and the detailed design. The Industrial Designer is going to work on the working design, components design and a bit of the look and feel design. the User Interface Designer is going to do the technical function design, user interface concept and user interface design. And the marketing expert is doing a little bit of user requirement specification, trend watching and project product ev evaluation. But that will be all worked out in other meetings. As you can see we've got the smart boards here and here in the white board. in the white board here there's a little tool bar on this side. Here are some functions. You can save. these functions we don't have anything to do with,. only undo, you can undo a little piece of drawing. A blank new document for each person. select a pen,. then we've got our pen. This pen. It's really funny. You can also select the current colour and the line width. and it's easy to draw your findings and drawings on there. We've got our shared folder,. But all you will found that already. because there are a lot of documents in it already,. so if you have a document you wanna show, just open it from the folder. Here is a simple tool bar. it's save, print, move back or forward one page. You can switch between the different drawings. And then we're going to try out the white board. We're going to draw animal. And just sum up a few of its favourite characteristics. the only thing we have to look after is that we use different colours, and different line width. You can use this pen by holding it like a like a little child. Because if you hold it like this, the sensors will get blocked. Another thing is you have to be a bit slow. 'Cause if you're going to draw like really fast then the pen won't hold up. we choose form of current colour. I think grey is appropriate. Now you'll see my drawing capabilities. you have to do it real slow. I was trying to draw a dolphin,. And then you can undo. Maybe you have to hold it a bit upside-down. now I'm gonna hand over the pen on the new blank sheet to you.
Gonna use a different line width.
Maybe it's easier to draw the smaller line width, I think.
You have to go really slow when you're writing.
I'm just gonna draw its head,
I was gonna draw a cat too,
It's pretty skinny cat. everybody knows how to work with the white board now? move along to the project finance. as you can see, we for our remote control, a selling price is twenty five Euros. Our selling price. our profit aim is fifty million Euros. we can do it international,. so we have to focus on different kind of users, different kind of cultures, and different kind of trends as well. Our production cost can be maximal twelve and a half Euros,. just try to remember these points. Selling price twenty five, profit aims fifty million, but more important is the int international market we're trying to focus on. And production cost maximal twelve and a half Euros. that's leads us to our little discussion. does everybody has experiences with remote controls, and I mean not the ordinary mote controls, but also a little bit different ones? Like you can use for other?
No, me neither.
Kind of broad TV at home, and a DVD player,. so we got like a lot of remote controls, one for the TV, one for the video recorder, one for the DVD player. And I think it's it would be best to just make one remote control that can operate them all.
I've I've got one at home. And you can program I think eight different devices in it,. And it also operates on infra-red,. so you have to got the little device inside your room,. and then you can operate it from the third or th or second floor. I think that if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control, it makes it a lot easier as well. we've we want different functions. and we can maybe see if we can do something with the infra-red.
Think it has to be shock proof. my remote control tends to fall a lot.
I will put the minutes from this meeting in our project folder.
Thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it. how much is left in the battery. But they'll also really drag up the production costs,. so think we'll have to see about that too. But maybe just a little LED,
Then I'll put the minutes from this meeting in the project folder,. And we can all work on our own projects. then I'll meet you in about a half an hour, I think.